Metadata-Version: 1.1
Name: argpext
Version: 1.3.1
Summary: Argpext: hierarchical extension of sub-commands in argparse.
Home-page: UNKNOWN
Author: Alexander Shirokov
Author-email: alexander.shirokov@gmail.com
License: OSI Approved
Description: Argpext provides hierarchical, or multilevel, subcommand
        implementation that allows one to quickly expose any required callable
        objects, such as functions, generators, to a DOS/Linux command line.
        
        Hierarchical sub-commands implementation: Class "Task" is used to
        define the interface between a specific callable object and the
        command line. When python module contains more than one "task", class
        "Node" may be used in order to populate all the required "tasks" onto
        a tree structure.  Any such task may then individually be executed from a UNIX/DOS
        command line prompt, by passing a script name followed a sequence of command line arguments, followed by the command line arguments used to specify the arguments of the
        task, if required.  Using the "--help" results in a help message. Passing the
        sequence of arguments complete with the task arguments results in the
        actual execution of the task.
        
        Acknowledgements: Hierarchical subcommands feature internally relies on the argparse module.
        
        Release v1.3.0 - substantial new features.  
        
        Release v1.3.1 - Compatibility with Python 2 is established.
        
        
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 4 - Beta
Classifier: Environment :: Console
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Information Technology
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Science/Research
Classifier: Intended Audience :: End Users/Desktop
Classifier: Operating System :: MacOS :: MacOS X
Classifier: Operating System :: Microsoft :: Windows
Classifier: Operating System :: POSIX
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: User Interfaces
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: Interpreters
Classifier: Topic :: Utilities
