Metadata-Version: 1.1
Name: pyprimes
Version: 0.2.0a
Summary: Generate and test for prime numbers.
Home-page: http://code.google.com/p/pyprimes/
Author: Steven D'Aprano
Author-email: steve+python@pearwood.info
License: MIT
Description: The pyprimes package offers a variety of algorithms for generating prime
        numbers and fast primality test, written in pure Python.
        
        Prime numbers are those positive integers which are not divisible exactly
        by any number other than itself or one. Generating primes and testing for
        primality has been a favourite mathematical pastime for centuries, as well
        as of great practical importance for encrypting data.
        
        ``pyprimes`` includes the following features:
        
            - Produce prime numbers lazily, on demand.
            - Effective algorithms including Sieve of Eratosthenes, Croft Spiral,
              and Wheel Factorisation.
            - Efficiently test whether numbers are prime, using both deterministic
              (exact) and probabilistic primality tests.
            - Examples of what *not* to do are provided, including naive trial
              division, Turner's algorithm, and primality testing using a
              regular expression.
            - Factorise small numbers into the product of prime factors.
            - Suitable for Python 2.4 through 3.2 from one code base.
        
        
Keywords: prime,primes,primality,math,maths,algorithm,fermat,miller-rabin
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 3 - Alpha
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.4
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.5
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.6
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 2.7
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.0
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.1
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.2
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.3
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python :: 3.4
Classifier: Environment :: Other Environment
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: Operating System :: OS Independent
Classifier: Topic :: Software Development :: Libraries :: Python Modules
Classifier: Topic :: Scientific/Engineering :: Mathematics
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: MIT License
