Metadata-Version: 1.1
Name: p01.publisher
Version: 0.6.0
Summary: NO ZODB publisher components for Zope3
Home-page: http://pypi.python.org/pypi/p01.publisher
Author: Roger Ineichen, Projekt01 GmbH
Author-email: dev@projekt01.ch
License: ZPL 2.1
Description: This package provides a WSGI publisher concept using zope components including
        transactions, application error handling, traverser, pages views and offers
        jsonrpc without a ZODB. The package offers a wsgi application which kicks in
        the known zope publication concept. The publication concept can get used with
        gevent or similar async frameworks. It's up to you how you store persistent
        items. Probably the container, item and traversal pattern in m01.mongo is a
        good choice for this.
        
        
        =======
        Changes
        =======
        
        0.6.0 (2015-03-17)
        ------------------
        
        - feature: added application/json support. The new request json method returns
          the json formated data given from a request with content type applicaton/json.
          The raw content is stored in the request raw property if such json content
          is given.
        
        - added OPTIONS to allwed request methods. This allows to handle cross origin
          request given from android phones during development. Note, you ned to
          register a view for handle such requests. We just added the OPTIONS as a
          general allowed request method.
        
        - feature: use new testbrowser concept based on zope.testbrowser >= 5.0.0.
          This new testbrowser concept uses a wsgi application and is based on webtest.
          Currently we use p01.testbrowser which is a clone of zope.testbrowser because
          there is no zope.testbrowser release yet.
        
        - feature: implemented simple JSONRPCTestProxy based on wsgi app. This new
          test json rpc proxy uses the wsgi application publisher for process a
          request.
        
        - backport zope.publisher publication factory lookup. Improve the publication
          factory lookup by falling back to a more generic registration if the specific
          factory chooses not to handle the request after all
        
        
        0.5.0 (2014-03-24)
        ------------------
        
        - initial release
        
Keywords: zope zope3 z3c ZODB
Platform: UNKNOWN
Classifier: Development Status :: 4 - Beta
Classifier: Environment :: Web Environment
Classifier: Intended Audience :: Developers
Classifier: License :: OSI Approved :: Zope Public License
Classifier: Programming Language :: Python
Classifier: Natural Language :: English
Classifier: Operating System :: OS Independent
Classifier: Topic :: Internet :: WWW/HTTP
Classifier: Framework :: Zope3
